Tk Assistant Quick Start help
-----------------------------
About:
------
The idea of Tk Assistant is to help Python beginners, or 
those learning Tk for the first time,
to get aquainted quickly with the widgets and flatten
the very steep Tk learning curve.
 
The 50 code examples (squirts) supplied are all self-contained
so can be experimented with at will.

You will soon find it fairly simple to start joining
the code examples together to make your own GUI's
and then edit and improve on the code.


Quick Start:
-------------
Choose an item from one of the eight drop-down combo boxes. 

When you click the "GET" button to the right of your selection  
the code will be copied to your clipboard.
 
You can now paste that code into your Python editor and 
view, edit or run the code as you see fit.
 
You will also be given the option to execute the code 
from within Tk Assistant so that you can see a small 
demo of what that widget does.

The toolbar at the top of the GUI has icons that are 
mostly self explanatory, but If you move the mouse 
pointer over an icon it will explain what it does 
via a tooltip message.
 
As an example, click on the blue "SQUIRTS" folder icon, 
The tooltip will reveal this, "View squirts folder".
Clicking this button will take you, via your systems 
default file viewer, to where the "Squirts" used in 
Tk Assistant are stored. 
Here you can use the squirts like any other .py file 
if you want to.

In the "Widget Imgs" drop-down menu you see see a screenshot
of each of the 50 squirts in action. This can be a useful 
quick reference if you are still learning what widgets look like.

The "Tools" menu offers (at the moment) three tools to make
your Tk life a bit easier, please try them out.


For a more detailed help description, 
click the second icon "on-line help page".

If you find TK Assistant useful and would like me to keep working
on improving and expanding it, please consider making a small
donation via the drop-down menu.

Steve Shambles. Nov 2020